= ActsAsJuggerSource


This plugins provides an ``acts_as_jugger_source`` method for all
ActiveRecord's models. When you declare a model as a jugger source,
then whenever, you change, create or destroy an instance of a model a
notification will be sent to Juggernaut.

== Sample usage

The basic use of this plugins is like this:

    class MyModel < ActiveRecord::Base
      acts_as_jugger_source
    end

Whenever you create, save or destroy an instance of this model a
notification to the channel 'MyModel' of Juggernaut will be sent.

== Customizing the channel name

By default, acts_as_jugger_source will sent notifications to the
channel with the same name as the model. This means that:

   model = MyModel.new
   model.save!

Will sent notifications to the channel named "MyModel". This can be
overrided with the ``:channel`` option:

   class Somemodel < ActiveRecord::Base
     acts_as_jugger_source :channel => 'some-deliverate-channel'
   end

Notifications received by a Juggernaut subscriber (mostly a browser)
with contain a payload with three attributes:

- ``operation``, which will be either "save", "create" or "destroy",

- ``model``, which will be the name of the model class; and

- ``instance``, which will constain a shallow copy (created with the
  to_json method) of the model instance.

== Sending the desired notifications

By default, acts_as_jugger_source will emit notifications for
after_save after_create and after_destroy events. You may select the
desired events with the ``operations`` options:

  class Somemodel
    acts_as_jugger_source :operations => [:save, :destroy]
  end

== Advanced features

You can provide a block to the acts_as_jugger_source method. This
block will be invoked with three arguments:

- Opertation, which is either :save, :create or :destroy.
- The Model class.
- The model instance.

If the block returns a value it must be a Hash with an :operation,
:model, and :instance keys. If any of these are omitted, the
corresponding argument will be used; then this value will be used to
build the payload for the notification.

The result could be also a list of hashes. The hashes should have the
same format as the single Hash described above. When the block returns
this list, then this plugin will emmit several notifications to
Juggernaut.

=== Cascade notifications

Sometimes you may want to emit several 'cascading' notifications when
a model changes.

For instance you have a Issue model that belongs to a Project. You
want that whenever a Issue is saved, the Project which it belongs to
should be notified:

   class Issue
     acts_as_jugger_source :channel => 'musqueteers' do |o, m, i|
       result = [build_jugger_event(o, m, i)]
       result << build_jugger_event(:save, Project, i.project) if i.project
     end
   end

Notice that both notifications are sent to the same channel!

Copyright (c) 2011 Universidad de las Ciencias Informáticas.
